Clarify OS dependent user preference meaning (#25214)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@media/prefers-reduced-motion/index.md

> **Warning:** An embedded example at the bottom of this page has a scaling movement that may be problematic for some readers. Readers with vestibular motion disorders may wish to enable the reduce motion feature on their device before viewing the animation.

> The **`prefers-reduced-motion`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries#media_features) is used to detect if the user has requested that the system either minimize the amount of non-essential motion it uses, or remove all animations, not only those with motion, depending on the varied preferences of the underlying system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`prefers-reduced-motion`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [media feature](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries#media_features) is used to detect if the user has requested that the system either minimize the amount of non-essential motion used or remove animations altogether, depending on available user preference setting.
```

Is this clearer?

- `no-preference`
  - : Indicates that the user has made no preference known to the system.
- `reduce`

>   - : Indicates that user has notified the system that they prefer either an interface that removes or replaces the types of motion-based animation that trigger discomfort for those with vestibular motion disorders, or depending on the underlying OS, an interface that removes animations in general.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates that the user has notified the system that they prefer either an interface that removes or replaces the types of motion-based animation that trigger discomfort for those with vestibular motion disorders, or depending on the underlying OS, an interface that removes animations in general.
```

>   - : Indicates that the user has notified the system that they prefer either an interface that removes or replaces the types of motion-based animation that trigger discomfort for those with vestibular motion disorders, or depending on the underlying OS, an interface that removes animations in general.

Reviewer: The "Removes animation" on Android reduces animations but doesn't remove all animations. Is there a setting that does?

>   - : Indicates that the user has notified the system that they prefer either an interface that removes or replaces the types of motion-based animation that trigger discomfort for those with vestibular motion disorders, or depending on the underlying OS, an interface that removes animations in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates that the user has notified the system that they prefer an interface that removes or replaces the types of motion-based animation.
```
